doc: Updated nrf54h docs for NCS 3.1 (#22754)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/abi_compatibility.rst

    The nRF54H20 SoC binaries only support specific versions of the |NCS| and do not support rollbacks to previous versions.
    Upgrading the nRF54H20 SoC binaries on your development kit might break the DK's compatibility with applications developed for earlier versions of the |NCS|.

nRF54H20 SoC binaries v0.x.x changelog
**************************************

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

> Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW) v21.1.1

Reviewer: IronSide SE instead of Secure Domain Firmware?

=====================================

Added
-----

* CHIDX values are no longer required to be set when configuring ``PPIB_SUBSCRIBE_SEND`` or ``PPIB_PUBLISH_RECEIVE`` through ``PERIPHCONF``.

Fixed
-----

* An issue where the application core was booted despite the presence of boot errors.

Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW) v21.1.0
=====================================

Added
-----

* MAC in the PSA crypto service.
* Static memory checks that protect Nordic assets by whitelisting only memory ranges available to the application developers.

> * System Controller Firmware (SCFW) releases are now included in the Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* System Controller Firmware (SCFW) releases are now included in the SDFW.
```

  See :ref:`scfw_5_0_0` for details.

Updated
-------

* The CPUCONF service request definition.
* The CPU and WAIT parameters are now both packed into the first 4-byte value, and the message data is sent inline in the request.

> * Support for initializing a subset of global domain peripherals by configuring ``UICR.PERIPHCONF``. This enables the initial configuration of the CTRLSEL GPIO pin, global IRQ mapping, IPC mapping, global PPIBs, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Support for initializing a subset of global domain peripherals by configuring ``UICR.PERIPHCONF``.
  This enables the initial configuration of the CTRLSEL GPIO pin, global IRQ mapping, IPC mapping, global PPIBs, and more.
```

* ``UICR.PERIPHCONF`` reintroduces functionality that was previously available with specialized ``UICR.*`` registers, but with a lower-level interface that is more powerful, flexible, and future proof.

.. _scfw_5_0_0:

System Controller Firmware (SCFW) v5.0.0
----------------------------------------

Added
~~~~~

* SWEXT service.

Updated
~~~~~~~

* Reduced MRAM auto power down timeout (helps with lower power usage).
* GRCCONF module code optimization.
* IPC communication code optimization (Zephyr IPC service used directly without additional queue).
* Fixed higher power consumption when clock switcher changed to LFRC.

Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW) v21.0.1
=====================================

Added
-----

* NCSDK-33583: Boot report is now written to radio core.

Updated
-------

* Enable link-time optimization.
* NCSDK-32173: Disable CRACEN microcode loading.

Fixed
-----

> * NCSDK-33306: The application core is now started in halted mode when IRONside detects errors in the UICR or BICR. This ensures that it is possible to recover from these errors by writing proper values with a debugger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* NCSDK-33306: The application core is now started in halted mode when IRONside detects errors in the UICR or BICR.
  This allows recovery from such errors by writing correct values using a debugger.
```

Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW) v21.0.0
=====================================

Added
-----

* NCSDK-32168: Added support for the IRONside SE update service.

> * NCSDK-32444: Added experimental support for a new UICR format. At this stage, the functionality is mainly for internal testing and development, and user tools for interacting with UICR will be added at a later stage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* NCSDK-32444: Added experimental support for a new UICR format.
  At this stage, the functionality is mainly for internal testing and development, and user tools for interacting with UICR will be added at a later stage.
```

* NCSDK-32393: Added boot report support.

> * NCSDK-32925: Added CPUCONF service for booting the radio core. Only ``hello world`` is currently supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* NCSDK-32925: Added CPUCONF service for booting the radio core.
  Currently, only ``hello world`` is supported.
```

* NCSDK-32441: Added IRONside calls, the successor to SSF.

Updated
-------

> * NCSDK-32912: The limited PSA service is now implemented as an IRONside call. This replaces the temporary IPC mechanism from the last release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* NCSDK-32912: The limited PSA service is now implemented as an IRONside call.
  This replaces the temporary IPC mechanism from the last release.
```

Fixed
-----

* NCSDK-33265: Fixed an issue that made it so the ``CTRLAP.BOOTSTATUS`` firmware sequence number was always set to zero.

Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW) v20.1.0
=====================================

Added
-----

> * NCSDK-32163: Added experimental support for limited PSA service. This is built on top of a temporary IPC mechanism which will soon be replaced. The top-level interface will remain the same.

Reviewer 3: By "PSA service", I guess you mean PSA Crypto API? Or maybe, more specifically, Oberon PSA Crypto? Please update. "PSA service" is generic and incorrect.

>   The PSA support is currently limited to the following ``PSA_WANT`` symbols:

Reviewer 3: Same as above for "PSA support".

>   The PSA support is currently limited to the following ``PSA_WANT`` symbols:

Reviewer 3: PSA_WANT works with PSA_USE. These are explained in https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/security/crypto/drivers.html#feature_selection . If there's no need for the user to select PSA_USE, say it please.

Author: @b-gent to be checked

  * ``PSA_WANT_GENERATE_RANDOM``
  * ``PSA_WANT_ALG_SHA_256``
  * ``PSA_WANT_ALG_SHA_512``
  * ``PSA_WANT_ALG_GCM``
  * ``PSA_WANT_ALG_ECDSA``
  * ``PSA_WANT_ALG_ECDH``
  * ``PSA_WANT_ALG_ED25519PH``
  * ``PSA_WANT_ECC_SECP_R1_256``
  * ``PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_PUBLIC_KEY``
  * ``PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_IMPORT``
  * ``PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_EXPORT``
  * ``PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_GENERATE``
  * ``PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_DERIVE``

  To use the service, enable ``CONFIG_NRF_SECURITY=y``.

  .. note::

>      The v20.1.0 support for this PSA API is not compatible with NCS 3.0.0 or NCS 3.1.0. It is only compatible with sdk-nrf revision ``1b2abb07b8b2528ecaf86f54e0c6cf48c425055a``.

Reviewer 2: In addition to this suggestion, write ``sdk-nrf`` within backticks.

     When updating to NCS 3.1.0 you must simultaneously update to a compatible IRONside SE.

Updated
-------

* ``EXTRAVERSION`` is now included in ``SICR.TBS.x.VERSION``.

Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW) v20.0.1
=====================================

Updated
-------

* AUX-AP is now always disabled.
* Internal optimization of MRAM and RAM usage.

Removed
-------

* Removed initializing TDD on system boot as it is not retained.
* Removed initializing P6 and P7 pins to be EXMIF/TPIU to prevent unacceptable output states.

Secure Domain Firmware (SDFW) v20.0.0
=====================================

This release is the first release that is based on the new Secure Domain firmware architecture. Most of the functionality from the preceding version of SDFW has been disabled or removed and will be gradually reintroduced in upcoming versions.

Added
-----

* NCSDK-31997: The ERASEALL command is now supported through the boot command interface.
* The DEBUGWAIT command is now supported through the boot command interface.

> * NCSDK-32355: A new scheme for status reporting through the ``BOOTSTATUS`` register in CTRL-AP has been added.

Reviewer 2: As per https://nordicsemi.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TECHDOC/pages/120291747/Typographical+conventions, the commands should be written in backticks and register in caps: 
``ERASEALL``
``DEBUGWAIT``
BOOTSTATUS

Updated
-------

* NCSDK-31993: SCFW is now included in the URoT firmware partition, and the SysCtrl CPU is always started.

> * NCSDK-31995: SDFW no longer starts the Radio core. The Application core is now always started with the secure VTOR set to the first address following the Secure Domain firmware partitions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* NCSDK-31995: SDFW no longer starts the Radio core.
  The Application core is now always started with the secure VTOR set to the first address following the Secure Domain firmware partitions.
```

Updated
-------

* ``EXTRAVERSION`` is now included in ``SICR.TBS.x.VERSION``.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v20.0.1
=============================================

Updated
-------

* AUX-AP to be always disabled.
* Internal optimization of MRAM and RAM usage.

Removed
-------

* Initializing TDD on system boot as it is not retained.
* Initializing P6 and P7 pins to be EXMIF/TPIU to prevent unacceptable output states.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v20.0.0
=============================================

This is the first release that is based on the new Secure Domain firmware architecture.
Most of the functionality from the preceding version of SDFW has been disabled or removed and will be gradually reintroduced in upcoming versions.

Added
-----

* Support for the ``ERASEALL`` command through the boot command interface. (NCSDK-31997)
* Support for the ``DEBUGWAIT`` command through the boot command interface.
* A new scheme for status reporting through the ``BOOTSTATUS`` register in CTRL-AP. (NCSDK-32355)

Updated
-------

* SCFW to be included in the URoT firmware partition.
  Additionally, the SysCtrl CPU is always started. (NCSDK-31993)

> * SDFW to not start the Radio core.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* SDFW to not start the radio core.
```

Reviewer 3: As above, capitalized in the SoC docs: https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54h/ug_nrf54h20_architecture_cpu.html

    The nRF54H20 SoC binaries only support specific versions of the |NCS| and do not support rollbacks to previous versions.
    Upgrading the nRF54H20 SoC binaries on your development kit might break the DK's compatibility with applications developed for earlier versions of the |NCS|.

nRF54H20 SoC binaries v22.2.0+14 changelog
******************************************

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v22.2.0+14
================================================

Added
-----

* Support for disabling and enabling USB D+ pull-up control to ensure VBUS-detected IRQs are received.

Changed
-------

* Enabled IPC unbound feature.
* Improved power consumption.
* Improved stability.

Removed
-------

* Temperature subscription

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v22.1.0+13
================================================

Added
-----

> * NCSDK-33486: Support for configuring TDD (CoreSight++) from local domains.

Reviewer 4: Still a few items starting with the Jira issue. Move all to the end in brackets as you have done in most items.

Updated
-------

* No functional change.
  Version bump to verify update with live versions.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v22.0.0+8
===============================================

Added
-----

* This release is now signed with Nordic keys.
  The SWD connection is still required to update IronSide using official tools.
  For more information, run ``west ncs-ironside-se-update --help``.
  A backward LCS transition is not required to update IronSide.
* Added support for ``UICR.PROTECTEDMEM``, which enables integrity checking of an immutable bootloader.

Updated
-------

* Increased the size of USLOT (IronSide + sysctrl) to 120 kB.
* Increased the size of RSLOT (IronSide recovery firmware) to 20 kB.
* Enabled downgrade protection for IronSide in debug builds.
* Changed the owner ID used in the default global domain SPU configurations from ``NONE`` to ``APPLICATION``.
  This means that all peripherals and split-ownership registers are accessible by the application core, PPR and FLPR by default.
  Use ``UICR.PERIPHCONF`` to grant the radio core access to global domain peripherals.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v21.1.1
=============================================

> Updated
> -------
> 
> * CHIDX values are no longer required to be set when configuring ``PPIB_SUBSCRIBE_SEND`` or ``PPIB_PUBLISH_RECEIVE`` through ``PERIPHCONF``.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Updated to not require CHIDX values to be set when configuring ``PPIB_SUBSCRIBE_SEND`` or ``PPIB_PUBLISH_RECEIVE`` through ``PERIPHCONF``.
```
No need for the subheadings when there is only one item below. Fix this in all similar cases.

.. _scfw_5_0_0:

System Controller Firmware (SCFW) v5.0.0
----------------------------------------

Added
~~~~~

* SWEXT service.

Updated
~~~~~~~

* Reduced MRAM auto power down timeout (helps with lower power usage).
* GRCCONF module code optimization.
* IPC communication code optimization (Zephyr IPC service used directly without additional queue).
* Fixed higher power consumption when clock switcher changed to LFRC.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v21.0.1
=============================================

Added
-----

* NCSDK-33583: Boot report is now written to radio core.

Updated
-------

* Enable link-time optimization.
* Disable CRACEN microcode loading. (NCSDK-32173)

Fixed
-----

* The application core is now started in halted mode when IronSide SE detects errors in the UICR or BICR. (NCSDK-33306)
  This allows recovery from such errors by writing correct values using a debugger.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v21.0.0
=============================================

Added
-----

> * Added support for the IronSide SE update service. (NCSDK-32173)

Reviewer 4: No need to have the word "Added" as the heading already suggests that.

     It is only compatible with the ``sdk-nrf`` revision ``1b2abb07b8b2528ecaf86f54e0c6cf48c425055a``.

Updated
-------

* ``EXTRAVERSION`` is now included in ``SICR.TBS.x.VERSION``.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v20.0.1
=============================================

Updated
-------

* AUX-AP to be always disabled.
* Internal optimization of MRAM and RAM usage.

Removed
-------

* Initializing TDD on system boot as it is not retained.
* Initializing P6 and P7 pins to be EXMIF/TPIU to prevent unacceptable output states.

IronSide Secure Element (IronSide SE) v20.0.0
=============================================

This is the first release that is based on the new Secure Domain firmware architecture.
Most of the functionality from the preceding version of SDFW has been disabled or removed and will be gradually reintroduced in upcoming versions.

Added
-----

* Support for the ``ERASEALL`` command through the boot command interface. (NCSDK-31997)
* Support for the ``DEBUGWAIT`` command through the boot command interface.
* A new scheme for status reporting through the ``BOOTSTATUS`` register in CTRL-AP. (NCSDK-32355)

Updated
-------

> * SCFW is now included in the URoT firmware partition, and the SysCtrl CPU is always started. (NCSDK-31993)

Reviewer 4: Update the items to match the heading "Updated".
